Hmm. Ah! The footprints!
Why'd they stop
all of a sudden?!
Is this a trap?
Just intended
to lure us in?!
[growling]
Damn it! Where are they gonna
come at us from?
[growling]
[gasping] Up there!
[grunting]
[straining]
[growling]
White Zetsu!
Why is he here?!
What the hell is
that monster?!
White Zetsu?!
You mean the things
Dad and everyone fought
during the Fourth
Great Ninja War?!
Yeah. I thought
they were all destroyed,
but I guess some survived.
Still... I've never seen
one take on this form...
Huh?! Wait, what are
you talking about?
[snarling]
Incoming!
[growling]
Scatter!
Lightning Style?
[snarling]
And Fire Style
this time?!
[roaring]
Wind Style, too?!
But how can...?!
How many styles
of jutsu can he use?
[snarling]
[gasping]
[roaring]
[gasp]
Boruto!
‐ [growling]
‐ [grunting]
[snarling]
[growling]
[grunting]
[snarling]
[growling]
Whoa, no way!
Big Bro Konohamaru's
overpowered?
Let's help him!
[grunting]
[snarling]
[yelling]
Did it work?
[growling]
[gasping]
[struggling]
Boruto!
Man...
Come on, are you kidding?!
[growling]
[grunting]
[groan]
Huh? Wait a second.
[snarling]
If I'm remembering
right...
What are you
doing now, Boruto?!
[snarling]
It may come in quite
handy during your missions,
so I hope you'll accept it.
[snarling]
[yelling]
Uh!
Big Brother!
[grunting]
[growling]
It ran off?
Not quite.
Let us off the hook
is really more like it,
I'd say.
[grunting]
[gasping] Big Brother!
We've gotta treat
your wound!
What the hell was that
crazy monster, anyway?
He's called White Zetsu.
He's basically
a living weapon
created by Kaguya Otsutsuki,
the last enemy we battled
during the Fourth Great
Ninja War.
But didn't Lord Seventh
and the others
destroy them all?
So what's something
like that doing
down here after
all this time?
I think the answer to
that lies deeper inside here.
What do you mean?
Hey, when did you...?
What is...all this?
Whoa.
Can it be...?
A relic of the Otsutsuki
Clan down here?
Long ago,
Kaguya used the roots
of a tree just like this...
to cultivate
countless White Zetsu.
But that
White Zetsu form...
I've never seen anything
like it in the intel.
Its intellect seemed low...
But still, its strength
was off the charts.
Maybe it underwent
a change while left alone?
Wait a minute!
Does that mean
there are even more
like that one further down
underneath us?
What?! No way,
that is seriously bad!
Actually, I don't think
there are more.
Why not, Mitsuki?
It's been nearly ten years
since it lost its master.
That bud is dried up.
I don't believe it's
even active right now.
If they don't have
a supply of chakra,
they cannot incubate.
Yeah, let's hope not...
Mitsuki, you sure seem to
know a whole lot about this...
Well, I learned all about it
from my parent.
Okay!
Let's head down already!
Boruto?
I mean, come on!
Now that we know about
that thing,
we can't ignore it.
You say that like going down
there's gonna be easy!
Just listen!
If this is the factory where
those monsters are made,
then we have
to destroy all of it.
That may be true, but...
Big Brother Konohamaru!
Let's get that thing.
All four of us.
Boruto, that would seem
to be a good strategy...
But, no.
What?! But how come?
Look, this ruin definitely
appears to be inactive.
But if that's the case,
then why is White Zetsu here?
Huh? Well, that's...
What it means
is that
we should assume that
there are others here, too.
And frankly, those things are
too much for you to handle.
Hey, hold on a minute!
What are you trying
to say here?
That we're a burden
to you?!
To put it bluntly, yes!
Uhh...
You're in over
your heads here.
Mm.
What, so we're all just
gonna retreat then?
Not quite.
Because I'm gonna go
in there by myself.
[gasping]
You're right that we can't just
leave this place.
And if anyone's gonna
deal with it,
it has to be a jonin
like me.
I need the three of you
to go back to the Village
and report on
the situation here
in case I don't make it back.
Konohamaru Sensei!
No! We can't,
Big Brother Konohamaru!
It's okay!
Together, we can find a way
to beat that thing!
You didn't live through
the Fourth Great Ninja War.
You don't know how terrifying
the things
connected to
Kaguya Otsutsuki are.
Kaguya is a god‐like being...
One that first brought about
ninja like us.
Her power is beyond measure.
She's that powerful?
There's no doubt that
you three have grown strong,
but this is on
a whole other level.
Greater strength will
be required from here on out.
Don't let this get you down.
Take your time and
build up your strength.
The one thing that
we must absolutely avoid,
is for all of us
to fall here.
So you three need
to go back.
And that is an order.
[grunting]
Please wait,
Konohamaru Sensei!
Sarada...
Don't get me wrong.
It's not that I agree
with Boruto.
But at the same time,
I also believe that
all four of us should go
down there together.
What, you do?!
And why is that?
Since we don't even know
where the enemy might
be hiding right now,
splitting up would actually
be more dangerous for us.
It's possible that thing
could come after us instead.
In fact, I think that
there's an even greater chance
of that happening.
Even a slow‐witted creature
like that
knows enough to go after
opponents that are weaker.
And if that's the case,
the best strategy is for
the three of us to come along
and provide you
with back‐up.
Don't you agree that
I'm right about that, Sensei?
You might be, but...
Big Brother!
If the risk of attack
is the same,
I agree that splitting up
our battle power
isn't the best move.
Well, damn it.
I guess there's no choice.
‐ Mm!
‐ Mmhm!
We'll prove that
we're useful, Big Brother!
I mean, Konohamaru Sensei!
You better!
[laughing]
But whatever happens,
you absolutely must not
overestimate your strength.
Okay, your orders
have changed.
We'll all proceed further
inside together.
We'll take down White Zetsu,
get through this alive,
and all go home together!
Right!
Okay, pay attention.
I need you to listen
carefully to
the strategy I'm about
to explain.
Strategy?
That's right.
The strategy that's
guaranteed to bring him down.
[groaning in pain]
[noticing]
Did we get him?!
No. Here it comes...
Just stick to the plan,
okay, you guys?
Sarada, use your Sharingan!
Right!
It'll use Lightning Style,
Wind Style, then Fire Style!
Leave Lightning Style
to me.
Snake Lightning!
It's my turn! All right!
Wind Style: Gale Palm!
Fire Style: Fire Dragon Bomb!
[blowing]
[snarling]
[growling]
[roaring]
He knows jutsu attacks
won't work,
so he's moving to
hand‐to‐hand combat...
[snarling]
It's exactly as I predicted!
[growling]
Now, Boruto!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
[fighting]
[snarling]
Hey ugly, over here!
No matter how powerful
this monster is,
if we keep chipping away
at him, then we'll win.
Konohamaru Sensei's plan
is brilliant, of course!
At this rate...
That's right...
Keep on picking away
at him, Boruto!
Just like that!
While you're keeping
him busy,
I'll get him with this!
[grunting]
[snarling]
[yelling]
Listen close.
First, you're going to
lure him in with
your Shadow Clones, Boruto.
But don't do anything
reckless, you understand me?
(thinking) But...
[growling]
Mm.
[gasping]
(thinking) It's weakened.
If I do it now...
Well, eventually everyone
will come to understand
and they'll see
your true power, Young Lord.
And when that time
finally comes...
(thinking) If I prove that
I can I bring him
down myself...
[growling]
[gasping] Wait,
what is Boruto doing?!
No!
This is my big chance!
I'll settle it right now!
[confused snarling]
[gasping]
[yelping]
[struggling]
[growling]
Boruto!
It's no good.
It won't work!
Try to get free, Boruto!
My...chakra is...
[roaring]
[grunting]
If this keeps up...
You can't have Boruto!
[snarling]
All right... It's time!
[growling]
I saved the very best
for last! Rasengan!
[snarling]
[yelling]
Feel the power that
was passed on to me
by the Professor,
Lord Third Hokage,
and Big Brother Naruto!
A‐ Amazing!
He did it!
[exhaling]
You absolutely must not
overestimate your strength.
Come on, let's go.
Greater strength will be
required from here on out.
Yeah, I know, all right?
What are those?!
Those are...
I knew it...
It's inside cocoons just
like these that
the White Zetsu
are produced.
Don't tell me
every cocoon contains...
one of those monsters?!
No, that doesn't seem
to be the case.
Yes, they're decomposed.
It seems we've come as far in
as we can go.
What if there are more
White Zetsu lurking in there
behind this barrier?
If so, we'll just have
to fight them
as hard as we can,
using the same strategy
as before.
Don't let your guard down...
[gasping]
Wait, those are...
Make sure you don't
touch those flames!
Why, what's the deal
with them?
Who knows?
What are those
flat‐looking black flames?
Almost everything in here
is burning...!
This is...Amaterasu!
[gasping]
And what exactly is that?
It's Sasuke's doing...
Flames that only one man
can control,
that can completely
burn anything, Amaterasu!
I knew it.
It looks like there were
several dozen of them in here.
If Sasuke hadn't gotten
here first,
then all of us
would've been goners...
Are you saying he destroyed
them all by himself?
Yeah... The White Zetsu
creature that we encountered
must've somehow managed
to escape the attack
and survive.
So Sarada's dad was
down here?! But why?!
What was he doing
in here?
[sighing]
I guess I have no choice
since you've seen this much.
Sasuke's been out on
a top‐secret mission
all by himself,
tracking down any remnants
of Kaguya Otsutsuki.
Top‐secret mission?
He said it's a very
important duty
that only he can fulfill.
But hold on a minute.
Where is your dad now, then?
Well, you see...
With the power of
his Rinnegan,
he can travel through
time and space.
He's probably far away
by now.
[sighing]
Whoa... So awesome!
[chuckling] You bet
he's awesome.
Sasuke is Lord Seventh's
lifelong rival
and the only person that
he truly considers
to be his equal.
Uh...he's Dad's rival?
That's right.
My parent said so too.
And that he doesn't
receive any accolades,
but that
he's the supreme ninja
who watches over the Leaf
from the shadows.
(thinking)
The supreme Ninja.
So thanks to Sasuke,
you guys ended up
safe n' sound,
huh, Konohamaru?
Yeah.
But one thing, Lord Seventh...
I know you're just a clone,
but why come all
the way out here?
Well... I just can't ignore
anything that has to
do with Kaguya.
But at the same time...
I can't believe you found
a ruin here, too...
You mean...
there are others?
Yeah...
Judging by that
one's appearance,
if Kaguya was
getting something
like these guys ready,
she must've been
expecting a serious battle
with some formidable enemies.
[gasping]
An enemy that can only
be confronted
by an army of monsters
like these?
I wonder what kind of
foe that could be...
I don't know.
But it looks like
we're gonna have our hands
full once again.
So we're just gonna be
left in the dark, after all.
It can't be helped.
That's just part of what
it's like to be a genin.
Well, I don't like it
one bit!
I mean, don't they know
that we‐‐
We fought too,
is that it?
But still, even when
it really counted,
we simply didn't have
enough power.
Neither one of us did...
[sighing]
Konohamaru Sensei said
that we're not supposed
to say a word about this.
Not to anyone at all.
That means Lord Seventh
and the Leaf higher‐ups
are gonna handle the rest
of this from here on out.
Sasuke is Lord Seventh's
lifelong rival
and the only person that
he truly considers to
be his equal.
(thinking) Power that
all the grown‐ups...
everyone, even Dad...
will have to acknowledge.
I still don't have enough...
Seems I've finally arrived.
What should we do,
Lord Momoshiki?
I thought it would be
a fool's errand.
[chuckling]
Well, then...
Why don't we go and
greet our visitor?
In the Chunin Exams,
we can show Lord Seventh
what we've got!
So what do ya say?
Okay, already...
I'll just ace the exam,
wow everyone,
and make them all see
that Boruto Uzumaki
has finally arrived!
But before all of that,
there's something important
that I have to do.
What's that?
Next time on Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations:
"Himawari's Birthday"
I gotta check on
an important promise.